feat: add `stats/covarmtk` (#10578)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/covarmtk/README.md

```math
\mathop{\mathrm{cov_N}} = \frac{1}{N} \sum_{i=0}^{N-1} (x_i - \mu_x)(y_i - \mu_y)
```

<!-- </equation> -->

where the population means are given by

<!-- <equation class="equation" label="eq:population_mean_for_x" align="center" raw="\mu_x = \frac{1}{N} \sum_{i=0}^{N-1} x_i" alt="Equation for the population mean for first array."> -->

```math
\mu_x = \frac{1}{N} \sum_{i=0}^{N-1} x_i
```

<!-- </equation> -->

and

<!-- <equation class="equation" label="eq:population_mean_for_y" align="center" raw="\mu_y = \frac{1}{N} \sum_{i=0}^{N-1} y_i" alt="Equation for the population mean for second array."> -->

```math
\mu_y = \frac{1}{N} \sum_{i=0}^{N-1} y_i
```

<!-- </equation> -->

Often in the analysis of data, the true population [covariance][covariance] is not known _a priori_ and must be estimated from samples drawn from population distributions. If one attempts to use the formula for the population [covariance][covariance], the result is biased and yields a **biased sample covariance**. To compute an **unbiased sample covariance** for samples of size `n`,

> <!-- <equation class="equation" label="eq:unbiased_sample_covariance" align="center" raw="\operatorname{\mathrm{cov_n}} = \frac{1}{n-1} \sum_{i=0}^{n-1} (x_i - \bar{x}_n)(y_i - \bar{y}_n)" alt="Equation for computing an unbiased sample variance."> -->

Reviewer: Typo: `alt` text says "sample variance" but should say "sample covariance".

```suggestion
<!-- <equation class="equation" label="eq:unbiased_sample_covariance" align="center" raw="\operatorname{\mathrm{cov_n}} = \frac{1}{n-1} \sum_{i=0}^{n-1} (x_i - \bar{x}_n)(y_i - \bar{y}_n)" alt="Equation for computing an unbiased sample covariance."> -->
```

By default, the function performs a reduction over all elements in the provided input ndarrays. To perform a reduction over specific dimensions, provide a `dims` option.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/ctor' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );

var xbuf = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 2.0, -7.0, -2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 2.0 ] );
var ybuf = new Float64Array( [ 2.0, 1.0, 2.0, 1.0, -2.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ] );

var x = new ndarray( 'float64', xbuf, [ 2, 2, 2 ], [ 4, 2, 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );
var y = new ndarray( 'float64', ybuf, [ 2, 2, 2 ], [ 4, 2, 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var correction = scalar2ndarray( 1.0, {
    'dtype': 'float64'
});
var meanx = scalar2ndarray( 1.25, {
    'dtype': 'float64'
});
var meany = scalar2ndarray( 1.25, {
    'dtype': 'float64'
});

var out = covarmtk( x, y, correction, meanx, meany, {
    'dims': [ 2 ]
});
// returns <ndarray>
```

#### covarmtk.assign( x, y, correction, meanx, meany, out\[, options] )

> Computes the [covariance][covariance] along one or more [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] dimensions and assigns results to a provided output [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

Reviewer: For consistency with the main function description (and with how `meanpn.assign` mirrors `meanpn`), this should include "provided known means and using a one-pass textbook algorithm":

```suggestion
Computes the [covariance][covariance] of two ndarrays provided known means and using a one-pass textbook algorithm and assigns results to a provided output [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].
```
